[clang][Sema] Warn consecutive builtin comparisons in an expression (#92200)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

       }
     };

> - Clang emits a ``-Wparentheses`` warning for expressions with consecutive comparisons like ``x < y < z``.
>   It was made a ``-Wparentheses`` warning to be consistent with gcc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang emits a ``-Wparentheses`` warning for expressions with consecutive comparisons like ``x < y < z``.
  Fixes #GH20456.
```
